hey what is up guys Grenadier here today
I finally got my xbox one and today I'm
going to show you guys exactly what's
inside of the box so welcome to one of
you know many or actually few unboxings
that I've done on this channel I've done
zero in boxing so welcome to my first
and you know first of many unboxings and
today we're going to unbox the xbox one
the version when I connect so I really
dislike the Kinect and you know more
about that on a different video that
I'll be uploading soon as well and i'll
be uploading a review as well as
assassins creed 4 gameplay on it and a
bunch of other things regarding the new
xbox one that came out and it's actually
not new but you know it's just a version
without the connect so i think that to
me it's brand new so this actually
opened up a lot of doors for developers
that are you know willing to put out the
effort to make these games even better
because if this you know since this
version doesn't have connect it doesn't
have to use all that you know things and
storage and stuff that it used to
reserved for the kinect only and now
since it doesn't have the kinect now
it's free and you know it's basically
free to use for the developers so that's
up to the developer of the game to kind
of decide what to do with that extra ten
percent so let's get right into the
unboxing and enough of talking so meet
you guys over there alright guys so this
version of the xbox one like i said
before comes without a connect so don't
expect a kinect hidden in there so what
i'm going to do is first just show you
the size and what it adds as you can see
aside right here you know just explains
what it has the one on the back just you
know it's just a little picture the
other side has another picture of the
console and controller and the front
again just a console in the controller
so the way you open this up is that
they're two stickers in the back and you
just get just any kitchen knife or
you're like any credit card piece of
plastic anything just to open it up and
it opens up um just like it sort of like
a laptop sort of thing so
don't you know just Rush and open it up
real quick because then it might fall
out so lay it on its side or on the
bottom and then just slowly open it just
to make sure the content stay inside and
they don't you know just get out so now
you immediately see that the Kinect is
not there so you know that's you know
not at first so here we have our little
books and a month of free xbox live and
more books so you can go through that
yourself but i'm not going to in this
video so here's the controller itself
now what i'm doing here is just taking
it out of the little bag and you know at
the controller I've seen so far it's you
know not as good as it was before but
it's definitely reinvented um then the
fact that you know the shape and the
feel of it is to me it feels a bit
smaller so um I don't hate it but I
don't like it you know it's sort of like
a neutral thing you got to put up with
but good thing that Microsoft has put in
two double A batteries in there so you
can get right into the gaming so if you
notice my TV's off you can kind of see
the reflection of me looking back and
forth into the camera stuff like that so
if that bothers you truly and deeply
apologize for that and now let's get
right into this this part right here you
get actually you know for the first time
you get a mic and this mike is you know
by far just a standard mic it's you know
certainly not a you know advanced mike
with that you know i don't even know how
to explain it but let's just say it's a
standard wal-mart mike that you would
get anywhere and it's not a big thing
it's not special but you I guess it's
you know for those people that don't
have a lot of money and just want to get
straight into the gaming so the
different thing about this is that the
actual port is completely different it's
like a USB sort of and you gotta
you know just show that into the
controller as it was before it's no
longer a you know mp3 sort of jack thing
now it's like a USB thing so moving on
here are more cables that actually go
like this cable right here actually goes
into the power brick itself and yeah
sadly Microsoft has decided to
a power brick even though the xbox one
is massive they still want to make add
to that you know and just have that
power brick right there it's really
annoying but I guess we have to put up
to it or put up with it as Microsoft
consumers so right here I'm just open it
up and it's actually you know it's it's
a brick I don't expect it to do much
other than power the console but it
actually looks pretty cool if you ask me
it's it's a break but it's a brick and
style so now moving on we've got the
hdmi cable that finally you know that's
actually a plus for Microsoft and
actually actually put that in there and
that's the hdmi that goes into your xbox
and it goes into your TV so now lifting
this little box up as you can see it's
all empty so let's just throw it on the
side the you know xbox one is in there
and on the bottom so it took me quite a
while to get it out as you can see there
these like support things are just
flimsy and falling off but to get the
actual console holy it took so much
willpower it's actually pretty heavy as
you can see here you know trying to get
this out so let's move the box out
of the way and now let's put the console
on the ground so actually the console
itself is pretty big it's too you know
bigger than the xbox 360 so that should
tell you that wow it's a bit bigger in
my batteries fell and you know anyways
the xbox one is way larger than the xbox
360 and so don't expect a little kind of
slim model so here is the xbox one yeah
yeah here's the xbox one it looks like a
DVR or a DVD player or something like
that a VHS sort of thing and I'm not
sure if you can stand it on you know
vertically but I'm just for safety you
know I don't want to mess it up already
and want to I'm gonna use it
horizontally so um that is pretty much
it it's basically your xbox one without
a connect so um that is pretty much it
guys so thank you for watching if you
enjoyed this video please leave a like
and remember as always guys if you're
new around here please subscribe this
channel has
much content to offer and those of you
that are not subscribed just leave a
comment down below and I don't know
maybe we can do something so thanks for
watching comment right and definitely
subscribe to this channel for even more
content i'll make sure to post a review
about the xbox one and also it's sort of
like a quality test to see kind of the
difference of what it can do and right
here i'm just unboxing assassins creed 4
no big deal i bet you guys know how to
do that i had a little bit of trouble
here sadly i didn't know how to open
that thing so i just used the stupid
little kitchen knife and opened it up so
that's pretty much it guys so thanks for
washing and peace out